Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Q1 Earnings Release Conference for the Fiscal Year Ending March 2027

July 31, 2026
Event Summary

[Company Name]         Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd.

[Company ID]           6981-QCODE

[Event Language]       JPN

[Event Type]           Earnings Announcement

[Event Name]           Q1 Earnings Release Conference for the Fiscal Year Ending March 2027

[Fiscal Period]        FY2026 Q1

[Date]                 July 31, 2026



[Time]                 15:30 – 16:32
                       (Total: 62 minutes, Presentation: 22 minutes, Q&A: 40 minutes)

[Venue]                Webcast



[Number of Speakers]   3
                       Norio Nakajima                   President, Representative Director
                       Masanori Minamide                Executive Deputy President, Representative
                                                        Director
                       Nagato Omori                     Senior Executive Vice President, Ceramic
                                                        Capacitor Business Unit

[Analyst Names]*       Daiki Takayama                   Goldman Sachs
                       Shoji Sato                       Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities
                       Fumihide Goto                    Mizuho Securities
                       Manabu Akizuki                   Nomura Securities
                       Shingo Hirata                    UBS Securities
                       Hideki Yasuda                    TOYO Research Advice
                       Ryousuke Kiyota                  Tokai Tokyo Intelligence Laboratory




                                            1
Presentation


Moderator: Now it is time to begin the Q1 Earnings Release Conference for the Fiscal Year Ending March 2027
of Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd.

Let me introduce today's attendees.

Norio Nakajima, President, Representative Director.

Masanori Minamide, Executive Deputy President, Representative Director.

Nagato Omori, Senior Executive Vice President, Ceramic Capacitor Business Unit.

Today, Minamide will explain the earnings results. After the presentation, we will have a Q&A session. The
materials are posted on our website in the IR Library under Investor Information. You can also view the
presentation materials on the timely disclosure information browsing service.

Executive Deputy President Minamide, please go ahead.




                                                      2
Minamide: First l, I would like to extend my heartfelt sympathies to everyone affected by the earthquake
centered in Kumamoto Prefecture. I sincerely pray for the earliest possible recovery of the affected areas. At
this point, we believe the direct impact on our business is limited, but we will continue to confirm the situation,
including the supply chain.

Now I will explain the earnings results. I will start with from page two currently displayed.

First, for this Q1, revenue was JPY502.3 billion, which was a record high on a quarterly basis. This was up
20.7% YoY, and even excluding foreign exchange effects, revenue increased 12.6%. Growth was driven mainly
by a broad range of applications, including data centers and mobility, with the components business as the
core.

Operating profit was not a record high, but came to JPY98.5 billion, up 59.8% YoY and up 32.6%, excluding
foreign exchange effects. The increase was mainly due to higher operating leverage from increased
production volume and the yen depreciation effect.




                                                        3
Please turn to page three. This is our full-year earnings forecast for the fiscal year ending March 2027.

We have revised revenue upward by JPY150 billion from the April forecast to JPY2.11 trillion. This would
update our full-year revenue to a record high.

The background to this is expanding demand for data center-related components, mainly for AI servers, as
well as a revision of to our foreign exchange assumptions. Up to now, our full-year assumption had been
JPY150 to the US dollar, but from Q2 onward, we have revised it to JPY155.

Operating profit has also been revised upward to a record high of JPY430 billion, up by JPY50 billion from the
April forecast.

The increase in production volume brings operating leverage and the yen depreciation effect, which are
positive profit factors. However, although the increase in revenue is JPY150 billion and the increase in
operating profit is JPY50 billion, which may seem somewhat modest, we have formulated the earnings
forecast while considering raising material costs and higher fixed costs.

Capital expenditures have been revised upward by JPY5 billion from the April forecast to JPY255 billion, a
minor adjustment. This is mainly due to a slight increase in the capital investment plan for devices/module
products.

Finally, regarding shareholder returns, the annual dividend remains unchanged from the previously
announced amount.

As for share repurchases, we had not yet commenced any share repurchases under the currently announced
JPY150 billion program as of the end of June. However, for the full year, we plan to carry out the repurchase
in line with our initial policy.




                                                       4
Please skip page four and turn to page five.

This shows the Q1 performance.

I have already covered most of what is written in the explanation, so I will omit the details, but there is one
point I would like to mention. Operating profit increased by JPY36.8 billion YoY, while profit before tax
increased by JPY46.9 billion, a difference of about JPY10 billion. This is due to differences in financial income
and expenses because we posted foreign exchange losses in the previous fiscal year, whereas this fiscal year,
we posted foreign exchange gains.

As for the sensitivity to a JPY1 movement in the USD/JPY exchange rate, as shown at the lower right, the
impact is JPY9 billion on revenue and JPY4.5 billion on operating profit.. Based on this assumption, the foreign
exchange impact in this table is shown.




                                                       5
Please turn to page six. This shows the quarterly graph of trends.

On page seven, I will explain orders and sales.




                                                      6
Please turn to page seven.

Orders were very strong in Q1, and the main content was demand for data centers. The book-to-bill ratio for
the total was 1.34 times, and if we isolate MLCCs alone, although it is not written in this table, it was 1.47
times, so strong orders continue.




                                                      7
Please turn to page eight. This is segment revenue for by business.

For YoY comparisons, I will explain segment profit and loss on the next page and the one after that, so I will
just add a brief comment on the immediately preceding quarter.

As you can see, revenue increased significantly from the immediately preceding quarter, mainly in
components, including capacitors and inductors and EMI filters.

Energy and power were down 13.5%. There are two reasons. First, in Q4 of the previous fiscal year, we
transferred the micro battery business to Maxell, and that had an impact. Second, in Q4, sales of batteries for
power tools were concentrated, so Q1 was down somewhat because of that rebound.




                                                      8
Please turn to page nine. This is segment profit and loss.

First is components. Revenue in Q1 increased 27.5% YoY.

For capacitors, demand was strong in data centers and this time, also for mobility.

Inductors and EMI filters also increased, mainly for data centers and mobility, and inductors also increased,
including smartphones.

As a result, operating profit was JPY113.6 billion compared with JPY71.2 billion in the same period last year,
and the operating margin exceeded 30%.




                                                       9
Please turn to page 10.

On the other hand, for devices/modules, revenue increased 6.2%, as shown at the upper right, and I will first
explain the details.

High-frequency device and communications increased 5%. Resin multilayer boards increased, but high-
frequency modules were down YoY.

Energy and power were down 2.7%. Here too, lithium-ion batteries showed the same situation YoY as in the
immediately preceding quarter I mentioned earlier. On the other hand, power supply modules increased for
data center applications.

Functional devices have also increased.

Operating profit widened in the loss area from a loss of JPY8 billion in the previous fiscal year, to a loss of
JPY12.9 billion in Q1 of this fiscal year. This includes the transfer of the micro battery business, but there is
another special factor as well. We had planned a large business for power supply modules, but as announced
in April, the initial project was dropped. As a result of that loss, we recorded about JPY3 billion in losses in Q1.




                                                        10
Please turn to page 11.

As for revenue by application, the major increase was in computer applications, both from the immediately
preceding quarter and YoY.

Among computers, which we have classified separately from this fiscal year, data center-related revenue
increased 81% YoY and 24% from the immediately preceding quarter.




                                                   11
Please turn to page 12. These are the factors behind the change in profit.

Compared with operating profit of JPY61.6 billion in Q1 of the previous fiscal year, this time it was JPY98.5
billion, and I will explain the breakdown.

The largest factor gains in capacity utilization.

As for selling prices, although the extent of price reductions is smaller than in a normal fiscal year, we still
expect a negative impact of JPY15 billion YoY this time.

Foreign exchange was positive, while depreciation was a slightly negative factor.

Semi-variable costs and fixed costs also increased due to higher personnel expenses and IT costs, as well as
increased semi-variable costs accompanying higher operating levels.

Regarding the final item related to product mix and others, as shown in the middle box, the first special factor
is the impact related to the refund of US tariffs. This is a JPY4 billion positive contribution to profit, which is
the difference between the refunded amount and the amount paid to or scheduled to be returned to
customers.

The second is the JPY3 billion negative impact from the drop in the power supply module project. I will also
mention this again later in the earnings forecast. Projects for FY2026 are currently progressing smoothly, and
for power supply modules, we have slightly increased the revenue forecast from the April forecast this time.




                                                        12
Please turn to page 13. This is the inventory situation.

Inventory at the end of June increased by JPY18.5 billion from the end of the previous quarter or by about
JPY13.4 billion, excluding the impact of foreign exchange differences.

In April, we said that inventory would increase by JPY17 billion in H1, but due to tight orders related to data
centers, we have revised our view and now expect the increase in inventory to be smaller than that.




                                                       13
Please turn to page 14.

As for cash flow, the figures are generally as shown.

As a supplement, in cash flow from financing activities, the previous fiscal year included share repurchases
and dividends, but this fiscal year, at this point, Q1 mainly reflects dividends, while share repurchases are
planned from Q2 onward.




                                                        14
Please turn to the next page.

Next, I will explain the revised earnings forecast for the fiscal year ending March 2027. This is page 16.

We have made slight adjustments to the demand forecast for components.

First, for smartphones, we have revised our outlook down 1% from the April estimate. We do not think the
impact from high-end models is that large, but we have made a modest downward revision for low to mid-
end models.

For automobiles as well, likely partly due to the Strait of Hormuz situation, we have made a slight downward
adjustment, mainly for ICE.




                                                       15
Please turn to page 17. These are the earnings forecast figures.

As I mentioned at the beginning, we have upwardly revised revenue by JPY150 billion and operating profit by
JPY50 billion.

I will now explain the details and our view.




                                                     16
Please turn to page 18.

I will explain only the items on the right side that have changed from the April earnings forecast assumptions.

First, regarding demand for data center-related components, our orders are expanding more than in the
previous forecast.

As for the number of sets, we have made slight downward revisions for smartphones and automobiles, but at
the same time, the take-up rate for our components remains firm. In other words, some longer lead-time
orders are also coming in, and we would like to keep a close eye on this over H2 and into the next fiscal year.

As for product price declines, we are seeing them as somewhat more moderate than in the previous forecast.

The exchange rate is as I mentioned earlier.

Inventory is also as I mentioned earlier.

Finally, regarding costs, at the start of the fiscal year, we said that due to the impact of a closure of the Strait
of Hormuz, we expected cost increases of about JPY7 billion for raw materials and about JPY6 billion for energy
costs, but the impact itself has increased by several billion yen, and we are also reflecting in this earnings
forecast that prices for precious metal raw materials and raw materials, in general, have risen more than we
expected in April.




                                                        17
Please turn to the next page. This is the latest forecast by segment.

The biggest change from April is in capacitors. We have also revised upward Energy & Power within the
Devices and Modules segment, as well as Inductors.. Please compare these with the previous figures later.




                                                      18
Please turn to the next page. This shows the breakdown of the increase from FY2025.

This is generally as I have already explained, so I will omit the detailed explanation.




                                                       19
Please turn to page 21.

This is also generally what I have already said, but I will share only the figures for data center applications.

Looking at data center-related demand, which is the biggest reason for this upward revision, we now see an
increase of just under JPY200 billion versus FY2025 or a growth rate of 110%.




                                                        20
Please turn to the next page.

I will omit most of this as it is also generally what I have already explained, but I would like to add one point
regarding computers and industrial and other applications. In industry and others, mainly for distributors,
revenue is increasing significantly YoY, especially for capacitors.




                                                       21
Please turn to page 23. These are the changes to the July earnings forecast compared to the initial forecast
made in April.

At the start of the fiscal year, we said operating profit would be JPY380 billion, but this time, it is JPY430 billion,
an increase of JPY50 billion.

We believe price reductions will be about JPY18 billion more moderate than at the start of the fiscal year.

On the other hand, as written in the box, the refund and the loss in the power supply business are almost
offset, but even so, the product mix difference is annualize. You may think this means the share of capacitors
or even within capacitors, the share for data centers has increased, but the reason is that, as I mentioned
earlier, the impact from the closure of the Strait of Hormuz and the impact on precious metals and other raw
material costs are larger than we expected at the start of the fiscal year. I hope you will understand that this
negative amount mainly comes from those factors.

In addition, costs, such as outsourcing expenses for production lines, have increased due to higher production
volume.




                                                          22
Please turn to page 24. These are the changes from FY2025 to this revised forecast for FY2026.

This is generally as I have already explained, but there is a large figure of JPY49.2 billion under others. The
biggest factor is that impairment losses recorded in the previous fiscal year are no longer present this time.




                                                      23
Please turn to page 25. These are the assumptions behind the earnings forecast.

Depreciation and amortization is up, and research and development expenses have also been raised slightly.
Capital expenditures isas I mentioned at the beginning. The same applies to foreign exchange.




                                                    24
Please turn to page 26. Only revenue from Q2 onward is shown here by quarter.

What is slightly different from a normal fiscal year is that revenue in Q4 is larger than in Q3. This reflects
factors including the fact that our major customers have now been split into fall models and spring models
this time.

That concludes with my explanation.




                                                     25
Question & Answer


Moderator [M]: We will now move to the Q&A session.

Mr. Takayama of Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.

Takayama [Q]: I would like to ask a few confirmation questions regarding the capacitor’s business. First, I
would like to ask about the actual and outlook for utilization rates and whether you will be able to build up
inventory going forward. There was saidthat Q1 was slightly down in real terms, but how do you plan to build
inventory going forward? Based on that, I have concerns about sales in Q2 and H2. On a net basis, the outlook
does not seem to rise much from Q1. Is that because you cannot ship because inventory cannot be built, or is
it because the lead time is getting longer and the timing of recognition is different? Is it simply that the JPY155
exchange rate assumption is a bit conservative? My impression was that the outlook for the capacitors
business in Q2 and Q3 on a QoQ basis seems a little too cautious, so I would like to hear your thinking.

Also, regarding pricing strategy, I think there has been quite a lot of movement over just the past two months.
Your company has said that price responses are a condition when there is overflow or when costs rise, but I
feel that may already be happening. I would like to ask again whether that means you are saying you will not
consider it at all or whether there has been some change. Thank you.

Omori [A]: First, regarding utilization rates, we have maintained a high level of utilization until now, and we
are continuing operations at a level very close to 95%.

As for inventory buildup, as Mr. Minamide reported earlier, we are in a situation where what we make is
shipped out right away, so even though some buildup is possible in part, mainly for data center-related
products, we are thinking in terms of making and shipping immediately, so inventory is not expected to
increase significantly.

Regarding your point that growth in Q2 and Q3 sales versus Q1 may be a little smaller, one reason is the timing
of supply. We are receiving a very large number of orders. At present, we are considering balanced supply,
while taking specified delivery dates into account.

Finally, on pricing strategy, we recognize that prices are moving very significantly in many areas right now.
Among other things, we see that the supply portfolio across the market is changing somewhat. We are also
hearing information that prices are being raised in part. We also assume that this creates areas of imbalance.
Our view is that various forces are at work here, and we think there may be cases where some adjustments
are needed. That's all.

Takayama [Q]: Just to confirm the nuance, regarding Q2 and Q3 momentum you mentioned earlier, my
understanding is that AI data center-related demand comes in early, and then revenue tends to materialize
more from H2 in the form of [inaudible] related items, but seasonally, I would think sales should be stronger
in July to September, including other products.

Omori [A]: Regarding that point, I believe it has become well-smoothed out. There may be some fluctuations
in automobiles and smartphones as well, but overall, I think those will be absorbed within the total.

Takayama [Q]: One more nuance on pricing, in other words, I understand you to mean that there may be
cases where you raise prices in part. Is that correct?




                                                        26
Omori [A]: If distortions inevitably arise there or if orders become concentrated in certain areas, that could
cause the overall balance to break down, so we think such cases could arise.

Takayama [Q]: Can we understand that this is not being reflected much at this point?

Omori [A]: At this point, it is not reflected.

Takayama [M]: I understand very well. Thank you very much.

Moderator [M]: Mr. Sato of Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities, please go ahead.

Sato [Q]: First, regarding sales of the capacitors business for AI data centers, in the initial plan, I understand
the nuance was YoY growth of 85% to 90% and volume growth of around 40%. How has that changed based
on Q1 results? Also, on capacity, you said the capacitor capital expenditure plan is unchanged this time, but
how do you view the risk of being unable to supply enough?

Omori [A]: Regarding growth in the capacitors business for AI data centers, in real terms, it is about 35% to
40% QoQ growth. If we annualize that, we are still expecting growth of close to 80% YoY.

As for whether supply risk could arise even if our capital investment progresses, I think that is what you are
asking. On that point, we are moving forward considering how to absolutely avoid any such cancellation. That
said, there are some areas where demand is very difficult to read. In fact, there are cases where data center
designs are frequently changed, and we believe that when such changes occur, there may be cases where
that kind of situation arises in part.

Sato [Q]: Just to confirm the numbers, does that mean the initial 85% to 90% growth has not changed much?

Omori [A]: That hasn't really changed much.

Sato [Q]: Has the Q1 result come in within that 85% to 90% range, or has it been above that?

Omori [A]: The orders we are receiving right now are running a little above that.

Sato [Q]: My second question is about MLCC orders in Q1, which increased 26% QoQ. Does this include things
like LTAs? In a situation where procurement competition is becoming more intense, is there also a move to
secure supply earlier? I would like to hear your view on how these balances against actual demand.

Omori [A]: Orders from customers with whom we have had ongoing relationships are within our expected
range. On the other hand, as I mentioned a little earlier, there is some of that market dynamic in orders from
distributors, and we believe that some cases include orders to us in large quantities.

Sato [Q]: In that case, can we understand that this will normalize by changing prices and the like?

Omori [A]: Ultimately, price is one of the options, but our approach is to supply within our supply capacity in
areas where that is possible.

Sato [M]: Understood. Thank you very much.

Moderator [M]: Mr. Goto of Mizuho Securities, please go ahead.

Goto [Q]: You said sales in the automotive and mobility area were relatively good. I think this probably
includes both the upside from longer lead times and the structural increase in demand from things like
software-defined vehicles. I think it is difficult, but could you tell us your current sense of which is having more




                                                        27
effect and how each is contributing? Since the numbers show increased sales of sensors and the like, I also
felt that level two and above may be changing more and that SDV trends are emerging. Does that sound right?
Depending on that, I think the way we think about demand from H2 through next fiscal year will also change,
so please tell us your current thinking.

Nakajima [A]: In terms of the ratio, we have not been able to separate it out sufficiently, but with the overall
vehicle volume declining to about 90 million units worldwide, the fact that sales are relatively strong reflects,
as you mentioned, a technological acceleration in autonomous driving efforts. Our inertial sensors are also
particularly strong in terms of their characteristics, and that is strongly demanded in SDV, which is the biggest
driver.

On the other hand, EV and hybrid vehicles are not really decreasing, so the demand for MLCCs and inductors
for powertrains is also increasing, so we have not been able to break down the percentages very precisely.

Goto [Q]: What about this? With the Strait of Hormuz situation as well, my understanding is that it is not just
that customers are building inventory.

Nakajima [A]: We have heard that there is almost no movement in products for the Middle East, but given
that SDV and EV production is being driven by China, and more than 20% of that is going to exports, domestic
demand in China is somewhat sluggish, but the Chinese customers we see are performing very strongly,
supported by exports.

Goto [Q]: Given that the data center business is very strong, would the securing supply for automotive MLCCs
become more difficult than before?

Omori [A]: For MLCCs, the areas used in automotive applications and the areas used in data center
applications are relatively different, so we are not particularly concerned about that.

Goto [M]: I see. Understood. Thank you very much.

Moderator [M]: Mr. Akizuki of Nomura Securities, please go ahead.

Akizuki [Q]: I would like to start with the numbers. My impression was that SG&A expenses increased quite a
lot. Outwardly, it seems as though this is being driven by higher fixed costs and weaker profitability in the
devices/module business and maybe by personnel expenses, but could you explain the background behind
the increase in SG&A expenses and what level we should use in our models going forward? That is my first
question. Related to that, I had not expected the deterioration in profitability in the devices/module business,
so I would appreciate more detail on that.

Minamide [A]: I will explain SG&A expenses. I understand your question as relating to the negative JPY87
billion versus FY2025 and the negative JPY17 billion versus the initial forecast in semi-variable costs and fixed
costs. More than half or about half of this increase is due to higher semi-variable costs accompanying higher
operating levels. Of the remainder, the biggest factor is higher personnel expenses, which are higher versus
the previous fiscal year rather than the initial forecast. As for IT costs, they have increased over the previous
fiscal year due to our intention to improve AI and security. They also increased slightly versus the initial
forecast. On the other hand, not in the semi-variable cost and fixed cost category, but rather in product mix
and others, as I mentioned earlier, higher material costs and increases in labor costs on production lines and
outsourcing expenses for manufacturing have had a significant impact both versus the initial forecast and
versus the previous fiscal year.

Nakajima [A]: Regarding profitability in the devices/module business, there are both good and bad items in
it, but power supply modules centered on data centers and batteries for battery backup units are moving in




                                                       28
a positive direction in terms of profit and loss. Also, if you look at power supplies on their own, in all honesty,
if the first project had launched well, we had expected full-year profitability, but the next project, although
production has started, will not contribute to sales until H2, so I think it will be somewhere around break-
even or maybe slightly below.

What is still tough from a profitability standpoint is communications-related devices and modules. We are not
capturing the share we originally assumed, and in the two major receive-side modules and the larger transmit-
side module, if we can firmly secure the transmit side this time, profitability will come into view, but that has
not been achieved, and we remain at a minority share. We are looking to turn that around next year and
beyond, and in considering the overall devices/module business this fiscal year, I think we will be operating
at roughly break-even going forward.

Akizuki [Q]: My second question is about the capacitors business. What is confusing right now is that, looking
at the statistics, distributors and OEM-related players in Asia, especially Hong Kong, China, and Shenzhen,
seem to be having a lot of trouble, and I imagine your company is also receiving a lot of help requests. At the
same time, the mix does not seem that good, and if your capacity is absorbed by that, I think there is also the
issue of how that affects other customers. In that situation, I believe the strategy for pricing, supply, and
allocation to distributors, and the more important automotive OEM contracts for next year, is even more
important for your company. Since OEM contract pricing for next year will likely start around November, how
are you thinking about that now? Could you share your thoughts?

Omori [A]: First, regarding the situation you pointed out concerning distributors in Asia, we recognize that
this is happening. As you said, the mix is by no means a good one and within our company, we are currently
allocating supply while prioritizing the customers with whom we have had ongoing relationships, and we plan
to continue doing so.

As for negotiations for automotive OEMs from this autumn onward and for next fiscal year onward, as I
mentioned earlier, we plan to respond with the highest priority placed on the trust we have built over the
years.

Akizuki [Q]: Costs are also rising, so would your stance be something like, at least consider raising prices by
that amount, regardless of whether it becomes a price increase?

Omori [A]: Yes. We will look at future conditions regarding cost and price and look for a mutually beneficial
arrangement that works for both sides.

Akizuki [Q]: For distributors, the idea is to avoid causing too much inconvenience to existing customers, but
if additional work is required, there may be some price increase involved. In other words, if this is something
extra or if it is being done as a new project, would the pricing would reflect that?

Omori [A]: Yes, based on our past relationship with them, we have that kind of thinking, but if we receive a
larger amount through various market dynamics, we will consider such a response.

Akizuki [Q]: On the capacitors’ business, regarding AI servers, as Mr. Omori mentioned earlier, design changes
really seem to be significant, with things like sudden changes in power methods happening frequently. A
change in power also means that a project is being pushed out in the first place, and at the same time, there
seem to be unreasonable requests to bring things in urgently. It seems like that kind of situation. Given that
there are quite a number of somewhat risky projects included, and there is also the risk that a pushout will
reduce the scale of the customer's project, would it be better to hedge that with things like LTAs, or do you
think free supply is also a service, and even if customers change somewhat, you can absorb that and still
supply as a service? In other words, how do you intend to follow these changes?




                                                        29
Omori [A]: Design changes do seem to occur frequently when we look at the level of requests we are receiving.
As for the risk there, there are also changes made with the aim of minimizing that risk, so frankly, we are not
able to answer from our side whether that means a pushout or not.

As for LTAs, while giving priority to the existing relationship and supporting them in part, I think there are
cases that lead to a contract and cases that do not. On that point, while judging the relationship, we would
like to consider contracts that create a positive outcome for both sides.

Akizuki [Q]: Understood. Thank you very much.

Moderator [M]: Mr. Hirata of UBS Securities, please go ahead.

Hirata [Q]: In your full-year outlook this time, I think you raised your forecast for sales to data centers from
JPY325 billion to JPY370.6 billion. Could you explain the details of this once again? I assume power-related
products are also up, so I would appreciate any qualitative explanation for each.

Minamide [A]: As for the breakdown of this increase, MLCCs are, as expected, the largest component. The
biggest part of this increase is MLCCs. In that sense, earlier in the Q&A session, there was also some discussion
about MLCC sales for data centers increasing by 80% or so, but in reality, for the Murata group as a whole, we
are expecting growth of more than 100% on a full-year basis, and for MLCCs specifically, we think the full year
will be slightly above 100%. For Q1 alone, the YoY increase is around the high-70% range.

The second biggest item is power supplies. This is not only for data centers, but for the overall business. In
the initial assumption, we said power supply business sales would increase by JPY25 billion versus FY2025,
but in this latest outlook, we have factored in JPY38 billion. You can understand most of this as data
centerrelated. In addition, the inductors and EMI filters business has also been slightly increased for data
center applications.

Finally, in a broad sense, I think this is also data center-related, but actuators for hard disk drives and the like
have also been revised upward. That's all.

Hirata [Q]: Just to add a follow-up on data centers, for MLCCs for data centers, if we look at it quarterly,
should we think of it as flat from Q1 to Q2 and then jumping sharply in H2, or should we have that kind of
image?

Minamide [A]: We do not actually have the exact number for MLCCs only for data centers in front of us, but
for example, if we look at MLCCs for data centers from Q4 of last fiscal year to Q1 of this fiscal year, it is up
about 35% to 40%. If we look at Q1 from last year to Q1 of this year, it is up 75% to 80%. On a full-year basis,
it is above 100% growth, so it is probably fine to understand it as it is increasing gradually.

Hirata [Q]: My second question concerns your view of capacity. You also mentioned the risk of not being able
to supply enough. Once again, could you share your view of capacity heading into next fiscal year and beyond,
including how you are thinking about new factories? I also think there may be some capacity conversion, so if
you can, please tell us how much capacity is being converted for AI use.

Omori [A]: We do not think there has been much capacity conversion. This AI data center area is a very high-
capacity and compact area, and since it has not been supplied much in the general market until now, we view
it as pure incremental capacity within our company.

We are thinking about the investment plan while watching customer demand, but we do recognize that there
may be a gap versus the pace, so one thing we plan to do is fully utilize the additional capacity we have built
up quantitatively each year until now. In addition, for the next two to three years, we would like to carefully
discuss that part and consider our response.




                                                        30
Hirata [M]: Thank you.

Moderator [M]: Mr. Yasuda of TOYO SECURITIES, please go ahead.

Yasuda [Q]: First, regarding capacity expansion next year, it may be a little early, but how are you thinking
about it now? In the past, I believe you mentioned continuing with around 15% MLCC capacity expansion.
Why I ask is that capital expenditure by hyperscalers has been increasing rapidly, and I think the combined
amount for the five companies is already around JPY120 trillion. If this continues to rise next fiscal year at the
pace you have described, I would like to know how you are seeing whether that capacity expansion will be
enough.

Omori [A]: First, how to make use of the remaining capacity we already have, second, improving productivity
there, this is a very difficult area, and not only operating rates, but also productivity improvements, have a
very effective impact. We are considering these together. If that still is not enough, we will consider additional
expansion measures. As the growth curve for next year and beyond is becoming much clearer, we would like
to move those discussions forward as well.

Yasuda [Q]: Could you also tell us what your current view is on the fact that hyperscaler investment is
increasing, from Mr. Nakajima's perspective?

Nakajima [A]: Basically, I guess I should not say bubble, but I think it is getting overheated. The reason is that
electronics parts are not the bottleneck now, rather power, hardware related to data centers, and buildings,
are the bottlenecks. I think that will continue going forward, so there will be a gap with actual demand, but I
do not think total CapEx will fall that much. There are various investment plans right now, and I think some
revisions or delays will happen, so I would like to track actual demand through what indicators. There are
quite a few indicators that can help us gauge data center investment, such as turbines for power generation
and fiber-optic networks, so we want to make sure that actual demand and our production capacity are closely
aligned.

Yasuda [Q]: For my second point, it seems that smartphones and PCs are being crowded out by demand from
AI data centers. Should we assume that this situation will continue next year as well?

Nakajima [A]: I think it is mainly memory. I think that is because HBM has higher added value. In that area, I
think memory production volumes will catch up to some extent, and the low-end models will remain
somewhat tough. This time, there are also adjustments in set prices themselves, so I think how the market
develops there will be the major factor.

Yasuda [Q]: I believe there was a gathering in Tokyo the other day. Could you tell us your impression?

Nakajima [A]: I went there with Mr. Omori. It seems that MLCC supply is also a major issue for them that has
been escalated. We received a lot of requests.

Yasuda [M]: Thank you.

Moderator [M]: Mr. Kiyota of Tokai Tokyo Intelligence Laboratory, please go ahead.

Kiyota [Q]: I have just one question. Could you please explain the others item in the profit increase and
decrease section on page 23 of the materials? If sales for data centers increase mainly in MLCCs, I think the
product mix item should improve, but it has been reduced from the previous plan. Could you explain the
background in a little more detail?

Minamide [A]: You mean the product mix difference? I may be repeating myself a little, but mainly, we have
once again reviewed higher material costs and increases in outsourcing expenses for manufacturing on




                                                       31
production lines, from the initial assumption. In fact, the impact is still large, especially for precious metals.
This also includes another review of products derived from naphtha related to the Strait of Hormuz. That's all
from me.

Kiyota [Q]: I am sorry if I misunderstood, but does that mean those costs are included not only in semi-variable
costs, but also here?

Minamide [A]: In our classification, they go into others. Semi-variable costs is a term we use because those
items are mainly fixed costs, such as SG&A and R&D expenses and manufacturing fixed costs, but many of
them increase in a semi-variable way. The materials I mentioned earlier are classified under others.

Kiyota [M]: Understood. Thank you very much.

Moderator [M]:

As we have reached the scheduled time, this concludes the Q1 Earnings Release Conference for the Fiscal Year
Ending March 2027 of Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Thank you very much for attending today despite your
busy schedules.

[END]




                                                       32
